One of the main characteristics of love is self-sacrifice. If a person is ready to die for his beloved one, then he loves. If he is not ready to die, then this is something else. For a loving person, such sacrifice is not burdensome, but sweet. A loving person is ready to suffer voluntarily in order to please his beloved one and is even happy to suffer. After all, as far as gifts are concerned, it is more pleasant to give them then to receive. Thus, the point of human happiness is in love. However, people have committed some deeds that are contrary to love and let egotism into their hearts. I say it again, love is one's readiness to die for the beloved one, while egotism is readiness to kill the beloved one for one's own sake. This was the reason why paradise was lost. Egotism is the reason why we all suffer here on earth. God does not punish us. We ourselves came to this!
Do you wish to honor the body of Christ? Do not ignore him when he is naked. Do not pay him homage in the temple clad in silk, only then to neglect him outside where he is cold and ill-clad. He who said: 'This is my body' is the same who said: 'You saw me hungry and you gave me no food', and 'Whatever you did to the least of my brothers you did also to me'... What good is it if the Eucharistic table is overloaded with golden chalices when your brother is dying of hunger? Start by satisfying his hunger and then with what is left you may adorn the altar as well.
The rich man is not one who has much, but one who gives much. For what he gives away remains his forever.
The bee is more honored than other animals, not because she labors, but because she labors for others.
If you cannot find Christ in the beggar at the church door, you will not find Him in the chalice.
The road to Hell is paved with the bones of priests and monks, and the skulls of bishops are the lamp posts that light the path.
The love of husband and wife is the force that welds society together.
The church is not a place where perfect people gather to say perfect things, but a place where imperfect people gather to receive the forgiveness of God.
Prayer is the place of refuge for every worry, a foundation for cheerfulness, a source of constant happiness, a protection against sadness.
